is you feeling me if not you feel my
energy see I know I'm gonna make it but
even if I don't don't feel bad cuz
honestly all these times that I had
those will be the best memories be the
best memory all right what does if you
guys look max TG TV so we got the
playoff update coming at you guys right
here we're gonna finish it off with a
loss followed by a win and we did all
right for the season I don't think that
we can be too critical of ourselves with
the way we perform the season LeBron won
MVP and i believe i believe the Clippers
with a number one team in the NBA javari
ones Rookie of the Year over his
teammate Andrew Wiggins also coming off
the bench which leads to his Sixth Man
of the Year award pretty good for Jabari
if you ask me anything Davis comes with
defensive play of the year most improved
goes to Maurice spades wow I didn't see
that one coming at all Brad Stevens
walks with coach of the year he deserves
that Celtics come out is number one in
the conference and I believe actually
they they have the best record in the
NBA probably yeah they must of um the
Raptors executive comes out with first
for GM's all in da first team there's
Johnny go coming at the point guard we
also got Steph Curry LeBron James
fantasy mr. marks cousins do we have any
of our guys out here come on where's
Blake at there is you finally get
somebody to actually be in this NBA team
are all NBA team and um defensive nobody
here no way on either the defense's got
Blake in there I mean you can't be too
upset about that
look at the post season right now we're
going to be going up against the
Grizzlies we took a loss to at the end
of the season that we just simply here
we go we need this right now okay good
first quarter very high-scoring first
quarter come on come on hold that lead
we're looking at all that's a big third
quarter oh no oh thank god they were
right in it in the middle of that third
quarter that was scary blade comes up
huge with a double-double 30 in 11 as
well as Jordan Clarkson come with 2011
Jordan Clarkson Sri signing right now is
crucial um I'm loving the way that
Jordan Carson has played the past few
and he might be one who's gonna be able
to put us into the position to move on
to the second round um man Vince Carter
will not stop complaining about his
minutes oh my god um anyway game 2 right
here if we can win game 2 we're looking
very good because we're bringing it home
after come on it's not look good fact
that we even stole one's really good
though and we're in it oh we're gonna
come on two-point lead oh we're gonna
lose it right at the end by two I didn't
mean to get out of it like that was
trying to pause it I once he like play
by play right there but you're gonna
bring it home to oracle arena and we got
a big deficit to fight through right
here
oh this is not good come on big fourth
quarter run right here and it will not
be successful lose our second straight
game by one possession Tony Parker came
up big with 30 points 9 assists Blake
comes out with another double-double
Valanciunas with a double-double as well
doesn't matter they're taking the el we
are down to 21 in the series is a big
win if we can't win this one I'll we're
off to the races right now though we are
not trying to get popped out of this
series come on come on oh my god I don't
let this up in the third right now good
come on yes i will put 13-point victory
a big win right there to ascertain oh my
goodness look at yonas Valanciunas
coming out with 19 rebounds 20 points
almost 20 and 20 not to mention Jordan
Clarkson come out with another 13
assists another double-double for him
and no matter what this is the last game
we're swimming as it's a two to two
series and when we going into a game six
either up or down wow the Grizzlies came
to play wow they came to play I think
we're done yeah we're done
Wow i I don't even have words right now
the Grizzlies just demolished us we had
nobody with a double-double that's
that's not a normal thing for us Blake
limited to five rebounds the rebounding
must have been obscene I'm just guessing
ah actually we outrebounded them this is
kind of shocking for how badly we got
beat but fouls must have played a huge
role that's really the only thing I can
see out here that must have play a big
role it almost looked if you look at the
stats you might suspect that we won this
game oh well that's big actually being
us by 27 bench points but um next game
we're gonna go out here in Game six and
try to keep ourselves alive I once I
won't accomplish I'll say might
accomplish though we want to force a
game seven ideally so we're gonna tell
them we might be able two guys thank you
for watching subscribe if you haven't
hope you guys enjoyed this make sure to
post in the comments what you think I
should do to try to win game six and
peace I'm out